I decided i can describe every commit in detail here

"f5 websocket shenanigans fix" f5 messed with my server and client in many funky ways. solution:
Make a ping mechanism in which the entity stays alive for 30 sec (15 sec for first strike and 15 for deletion)
then delete the closed conn's (took me way too long to understand I can delete everything that conn.isClosed() )
in the last^ commit I forgot to write, that I have added a pinging websocket as a fix.

"DB SAFETY" I was publicly announcing my databases root password, so I changed the password and improved my method

"server logs and naming" i just take out debuglog out of auth, because it'll be awful later on and:
changed world.txt to game.world
changed userslog.txt to server.log
last fix: I had to add a way to choose which database you wanna use (i forgot about it in "DB safety")

"final scheduler fix + slight move" finally fixed all of the problems with the scheduler
ended up adding a hashset toLogOut where i put tokens VERIFIED to be required to log out
and then logout the tokens in tologout (remember to remove them from the set) and added
a check to filter tokens that somehow got into logout method and throw them in the trash

from now on i might be changing method and parameter names to match the usual java ones
but i wont include them in my future commits

"sched + walk + front" added a feature today - walking - crazy ikr? made it work in front,
added a playerdelete in front, realised my scheduler is down bad again, i just didnt realise
that tologout is defined every iterations so tologout.remove(token) was just dumb.
also cleaned up Websocket.logOut but the scheduler issues and the logout thingy was
fully done by claude sadly, i gave up after so many failed attempts with this scheduler.

"anti brute force" almost lost this commit because i didnt save it but here it goes
i feel like this name is self-explanatory but i can say that it blocks give account
5 mins after 5 wrong attempts

"API changes" added some quality changes in the REST API for me, moved a lot of the work
to the Helper class

"API rate limiting":
0. HUGE change with api, deleted these stupid names and left only /api/user and /api/session
navigated with methods like a normal based REST API B)
1. changed password attempts to 7 instead of 5 to match the rate limiting better
2. added a class RateLimiting with methods which return true if given ip has done
too many requests, null when theres a server error and false when the api can continue.
3. made login.js now handle server sent errors without choking on them
4. commented some prints
5. ate some cherries
cooldowns:
/api/user:6 messages per hour
/api/session: is split to login (5 per minute) and logout (10 per minute)

"name and password policy" added a class that checks if users have at least 8 chars long
password and at least 3 characters long name with no @ in it (thats gonna help me implement
mails)

"testing" i had some issues resulting in me commiting nothing

"policy fix" i NEED to do more tests before i push, i didnt negate the credsLegal
resulting in the logic being negated obviously. really easy fix but im disapointed in myself

"walking delay feature" added a delay between walking events so that the player cant just
spam websockets to go faster, right now its limited to 5 tiles / second (200ms) but i could
implement speed and make it different if player is faster which im gonna do later (added "to.do")

"speed state" added a speed state as i wanted in my tasks

"policy user return" i made it so that the user actually gets a message what didnt fit with
the policy. + some little changes like handling sql errors and sending a 500 internal server error
when it does fail.

"antisqli" added a way for the system to detect basic sqli injection attempts and
1. block the users ip for 2 minutes and send a 403 back
2. log given user ip and sqli attempt
3. also fixed the Helper.error method so it can log errors in server.log

"cookies and other" started storing the user token in cookies and added . to forbidden
characters in register (might one day do a real forbidden list and just do if message
contains forbidden in a loop probably)

"email register" - huge update so buckle your fuckles:
1. changed the .env style to match the conventional approaches
2. added a rest api thingy /api/auth/user
3. added smtp sending and using code to authorize the mail
4. slightly changed frontend to match the design

"small improvements" - some small changes before i hop back to making mail login
1. UserLogin.LogIn swapped places "user logged in already" with "password incorrect"
2. RateLimiting, made rate limiting slightly more lenient (my brothers idea)
3. fixed my module naming and renamed gamejs folder to "web" so its easier to navigate around intellij
4. some small bug fixes i didnt catch on the *gasp* frontend

"mail login asynchronous" - some more features and more tweaks
1. made registering asynchronous
2. added logging in with only an email
3. tweaked some frontend shenanigans like no if (!data.success) return;
4. tweaked some debug logs to more fit my style